Dominique Pozo: Hi Leticia
iPhone: Hey, how you doing Domini
iPhone: How you doing,
iPhone: Can you hear me.
iPhone: Hello.
You're frozen.
Dominique Pozo: Other receptions not great. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: There you go.
Dominique Pozo: How is it now. Is that better. Is that better.
iPhone: A little better.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Hi. Good day to
iPhone: Hi, how you doing,
Dominique Pozo: I'm good. I'm trying to get my temperature just right, it's like really hot outside, but then I turn my fan on and then I'm cold so
Just trying to
Dominique Pozo: So, so how's it, how's everything going
Dominique Pozo: We haven't had a
Dominique Pozo: Individual check in.
iPhone: Yeah, it's
iPhone: A while. Yeah.
iPhone: Everything's going. All right.
iPhone: I'm just
iPhone: Looking for an apartment.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How about DM the ration. Yeah. Can you hear me.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah. Better. It's getting a little bit better. Um, one thing though that was wrong. I went to go pick up my medication from the pharmacy.
iPhone: And they had the prescription wrong.
iPhone: It was two and three h strip. Because usually, I get 21 a week, and that's one and a half in the morning and one and a half at night and they only gave me 18 so I need to see how I can get the rest of my medication.
Dominique Pozo: Um, so I don't do I don't deal with a medication at all. You're going to have to email the doctor and I'm sure they'll help you. He just and especially he let them know that we met today and they'll totally. I imagine helping you with that.
Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. So what would you like to work on.
iPhone: The
Dominique Pozo: Connection is so the connection is so poor.
Dominique Pozo: I seem to have a full bar full bars on my end.
iPhone: Go to why it's just strange
iPhone: Helpful bars to
Dominique Pozo: It is we will hit while we're here, I hear you know okay
iPhone: I'm not sure.
iPhone: I'm not sure what we would be working on really
iPhone: Like a sec. Ecology test or something. Stop.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, gosh. Have we maybe wow I for some reason I thought we already did your right your bio six social maybe we didn't, I'm going to look right now.
iPhone: Okay, yeah, I don't
Dominique Pozo: Oh, okay. Well, then definitely that's what we're gonna do today.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Okay, let me just need to pull it up.
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, it's taking a moment to cue everything up.
iPhone: Here's kind of bed.
iPhone: Really Philly that. Well, I don't know if it's stress been getting to me but or something. I changed my diet, maybe like sugar withdraw or something.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, that for sure would.
Dominique Pozo: Be something
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I don't see, I'm just going to check one more thing.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, it's a very slow today. I'm trying to pull up here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yeah, there's definitely not a you don't have one. So let's do this. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to be typing while you speak with me. And so if it looks like I'm doing something else. I'm just typing. I'm not like I'm totally with you as you're speaking to me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so will you. Will you just share with me.
Dominique Pozo: Like what what happened that led you to the program and and then also what was your, your usage. What was it looking like up to the point before you came to the program.
iPhone: Sure. Um, well, I have a friend that was on Suboxone
iPhone: She said that he had been working for him. He used to be on a lot of pain pills.
iPhone: So he said that I've been working for him and I was on a another program prior to this one. And it just wasn't working out for me having to go down there every two weeks and whatnot. So he said he suggested you guys and I came on and I did an assessment and I was accepted.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
iPhone: And I was using probably about a grammar heroin and day intravenously.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then at its worst, what, what did it look like you know when you were in active addiction. What, what does it look like
iPhone: It just didn't look good.
iPhone: It was really bad, you know, and I was homeless.
iPhone: I lost my kids. Well, I lost my kids prior to my addiction.
iPhone: I started using after I think about a year into the CPS case.
iPhone: Just kind of spiraled out of control. After that,
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then have you were you ever suicidal.
Dominique Pozo: So, um, any of the programs are there individually with anyone before
iPhone: Yeah, I was with health care for the homeless.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And did they ever diagnose you with anything.
iPhone: Was PTSD and
iPhone: high anxiety. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Were you ever on medication before this program.
iPhone: Yes, I don't remember what it was, but I was on Suboxone to
Dominique Pozo: Right. How about your family's history.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Can you tell me a little bit about what it will like growing up in your home.
iPhone: Was kind of chaotic. I had three older brothers.
iPhone: And so, and they were making the oldest was about six
iPhone: Six years
iPhone: older than me.
iPhone: With this kind of always
iPhone: Kind of just
iPhone: Go, go, go. My dad worked to LA and
iPhone: Then my mom.
iPhone: My mom and dad got divorced when I was
iPhone: 11 sure you got
Dominique Pozo: You got broken up. I didn't, I didn't
Dominique Pozo: I didn't catch that you got cannot ball. I heard was being about go
iPhone: Okay. It was a lot of
iPhone: Go Go going, my mom and my dad got a divorce. When I was about 11
iPhone: And she remarried to a man and that's when we moved to Southern California.
iPhone: And so we just kind of me and my mom and one of my other brothers growing up in Southern California.
Dominique Pozo: Just your mom and one other brother.
iPhone: Yeah, in Southern California.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Hey, and then did your mom did she ever have any history with addiction or any mental health issues.
No.
Dominique Pozo: Shoots it's broken up again. Did you say no.
iPhone: Yeah, I said no, sorry.
Dominique Pozo: No. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and how about your father.
iPhone: No.
Dominique Pozo: About anyone else.
Dominique Pozo: lineage with the era where with either either addiction and mental health challenges.
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: I'm adopted. But I know my biological
iPhone: Parents and my biological mom, she she had kind of mental issues.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Do you know what they were.
iPhone: I think she's bipolar.
iPhone: I guess that's what you call it these days.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How old were you when you were adopted.
iPhone: It was a baby.
Dominique Pozo: Do you know anything about your biological father
iPhone: Yes, they actually just met him when I was
iPhone: Yeah, so I hadn't I didn't talk to them. My whole life, basically. And then I went back to Georgia. That's where he's from. And I visited for a little bit and
iPhone: Got to know him. And so I know him now.
iPhone: But we will, we don't have a really strong relationship.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. And however that that meeting.
iPhone: It was nice. They have big huge cake for
iPhone: Me that said, welcome home Leticia and I met my half brothers and my half sisters. So my cousin's my aunt's. My uncle's
iPhone: So good. I have a whole
iPhone: Family. Yeah, it was nice that was about seven years ago.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: That's, um, that's quite a
Dominique Pozo: Gift to be able to meet your biological pants and not wonder
iPhone: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How about your mom. Did you ever meet her. Did you just hear about her.
iPhone: No, I'm air.
Have a relationship.
iPhone: I talked to her to still sometimes but
iPhone: My adoptive mom, she raised me and that's who I have the bandwidth
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: When did you meet your biological mom how agree.
iPhone: I was a baby.
Dominique Pozo: You were a baby when you met your biological mother.
iPhone: And no, yeah. Well, I've always known her my whole life.
Dominique Pozo: Oh you have. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Where does she live
iPhone: She lives in Branson, Missouri.
iPhone: She spent a lot of time in
iPhone: San Diego and Fairfield, California.
iPhone: She's only been out there for about, oh, I guess. You bout there for about eight years now.
iPhone: In Branson, Missouri. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Hold on one second. I
Dominique Pozo: Need to
Dominique Pozo: I need to do something with these notes I'm taking I need to
Dominique Pozo: Copy and paste something it's gonna take a moment.
Dominique Pozo: While I'm waiting for all this to come up how how the going with your children.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I oh
iPhone: Yeah, my children.
iPhone: My two boys are getting my mom's gonna adopt them.
iPhone: So it's been kind of
iPhone: It's been kind of a slow process. But that's in the makings and my daughter, she's getting adopted by
iPhone: Her first
iPhone: Don't is just yelling, you know, mother. She's known now so
iPhone: It wouldn't be fair to take her away from that.
iPhone: Environment, so
iPhone: Been kind of hard.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, maybe some
Dominique Pozo: My and even though it says full bars.
iPhone: Yeah, I don't
iPhone: Nothing seems to be wrong with my internet I
iPhone: I don't have any problems during group.
Dominique Pozo: So,
I'm not sure.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I have a feeling on. Fortunately, this might be online today. It's just this wheel spinning, it's taking forever.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, here we go.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so some of these questions are going to be very kind of just basic like okay, where were you born
iPhone: Jackson Hole, Wyoming.
Dominique Pozo: Hey, and then did you well this was not so basic, but did you ever have an experienced any sexual abuse as a child.
No.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then how far did you go in your schooling.
I love your entry.
iPhone: Grid.
Dominique Pozo: Did you ever get your GED or
iPhone: No, no.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then are you currently employed.
iPhone: No, I'm not.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And how would you name your financial status.
iPhone: It's
iPhone: It's been
iPhone: It's been kind of rocky trying to find a job and all this stuff going on. Um,
iPhone: I do have interview on Tuesday, though, for a new hotel. It's going to be opening up cross from Indian Cultural Center.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, a heartbreak.
iPhone: And my first
iPhone: Interview last week.
iPhone: With the beginning of the week.
iPhone: And then they want to skip them for in person interview.
iPhone: Next today. Yeah.
Awesome.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then are you in a partnership right now.
iPhone: I am, yes.
Dominique Pozo: And how long have you been with them.
iPhone: Or it's a year now.
iPhone: Just a little over a year.
Dominique Pozo: And how's that going
iPhone: It's going well.
iPhone: We have arguments here and there, but can you get through it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's not long
Dominique Pozo: Do you feel that they're, they're really supportive in your recovery process.
iPhone: Yes, I do.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And then what
Dominique Pozo: What hobbies. Do you have any hobbies.
iPhone: No, not really.
iPhone: Hobbies I exercise that kind of
iPhone: Healthy right now.
Dominique Pozo: And can you tell me, once again, do you, how many children do you have
Dominique Pozo: Ages.
iPhone: eight and five.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's um let's work on goals further rest of the
Dominique Pozo: Session here so
Dominique Pozo: Let's start with some short term goals. So I just we tell me a few short term goals that you may
Dominique Pozo: Have for yourself. And when I say short let's where where I was at the end of May. So, June, July, August, September. So by September.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: I'm hoping to get stable work even if it's just part time
iPhone: And get into an apartment.
iPhone: Or house.
iPhone: Right now I'm staying with my mom. But that's not going to be much longer because my kids are going to be coming
iPhone: Here for like six months.
iPhone: She's gonna foster them so until she stops and Mike, I can't see him or be around.
Dominique Pozo: Got it.
Dominique Pozo: How is that going living with your mom.
iPhone: It's going good. We have a good relationship really is.
iPhone: We talking get along very good
Dominique Pozo: Oh, right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's wait. Tell me some more goals.
iPhone: Sure. I'm trying to really sign up for school, but I'm not sure how that we were
iPhone: Continue my sobriety to remain sober.
Dominique Pozo: So for school would it
Dominique Pozo: Be you probably have to get your GED first before you could only
iPhone: Or the other. Right. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How about some other ones.
iPhone: I don't really have any other goals right now just to stay sober buy an apartment and maybe look into some schooling and get a part time job.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, how about let's just do one more. So would you like to meet with me.
Dominique Pozo: Weekly or bi or
Dominique Pozo: A month, like a couple times a month every other week.
iPhone: Or every other week.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm gonna
Dominique Pozo: stay consistent bi weekly individual therapy sessions.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Alright.
Dominique Pozo: How about okay so
Dominique Pozo: Your relapse prevention plan. Are you aware of things that trigger you emotionally. So I can identify them and write them down here.
iPhone: Toby my children's a big is a big one.
iPhone: Because I can't see them right now. And I get really sad. Yeah.
iPhone: Not being really able to have a steady income going through
iPhone: That that's also harmful to me.
iPhone: And just staying away from people, places and things that make me want to use
Yeah.
iPhone: That's about it.
Dominique Pozo: How about anything in particular within relationships in your life that triggering
iPhone: Nothing like that triggers me at home.
iPhone: Or when me and my spouse or having an argument.
iPhone: And I can't
iPhone: I can't see.
iPhone: Exactly what have you. So that could be hard.
iPhone: To kind of open myself up to
iPhone: Be more patient and being
Dominique Pozo: Made me. What could that be a short term goal to work on listening skills and patience.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Dominique Pozo: And what are some healthy coping skills that you notice you
Dominique Pozo: Gathered along the way.
iPhone: true to myself over the point where I don't want to do anything. It's just one of us.
iPhone: Taking myself out of that situation where I feel like that.
iPhone: Going in doing something else or moving to a different room or calling a friend on phone
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And the next question. Who can you call when you're not doing well. It sounds like you have a friend, you can call
iPhone: Yeah, I have a friend. I could call them, talk to them about what's going on.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And so it sounds like one of those coping skills is like distraction and you know relocating yourself whatever situation you're in. That's, that's a coping skill and then how about any self soothing.
Dominique Pozo: Tricks that you know are self care.
Dominique Pozo: Behaviors that you engage in. Do you have any that
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: Can you repeat that again, sorry, I kind of lost my train of thought there for a minute.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay so
Dominique Pozo: So one of your coping skills that I am hearing is that you you distract yourself you like, you know, you do things to keep you away from the cravings. You're having you
Dominique Pozo: Relocate yourself to another space or you reach out for support from friends. Those are coping skills and then a self soothing as a whole different things self soothing can be like taking a walk, taking a bath a warm shower. You have any self soothing or self care behaviors that
Dominique Pozo: You do when
Dominique Pozo: When you
Dominique Pozo: get anxious or or have cravings come up
iPhone: Yeah, I go for
iPhone: listens to music.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
iPhone: Take a warm bath.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, those are great. Those are all so
Dominique Pozo: So,
iPhone: I like those bath bombs.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, those are, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: Anything else that would be important for me to know
Dominique Pozo: I'm
Dominique Pozo: Just gonna save this. I think we're
Dominique Pozo: Good here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Still have a little time left. So that's great. We finished your BIOS like social Let's, um, let's look at the calendar and think about
Dominique Pozo: When we good to meet next
Dominique Pozo: So, so at the moment because you're not working. Are you pretty flexible with your schedule.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So how about how about the eighth of June, which is a Monday, can you meet at 7:15pm. Is that too late for you.
iPhone: Know, that's fine.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. I'm gonna put you in the
Dominique Pozo: Book
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So I've got you on the eighth at 7:15pm
Dominique Pozo: So anything else that you want to
Dominique Pozo: Address or for we do still have some time. So we can use it.
iPhone: No, not right now I don't have anything really to talk about
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well let's um let's end with a little mindfulness. I'll just keep
Dominique Pozo: Kind of
Dominique Pozo: Reinforcing these skills and helping you to kind of grow the muscles to self sooth
Dominique Pozo: Any time he comes on. So go ahead and just close your eyes and if you're able to sit up that's ideal. But if you're just really tired or something's hurting them.
Dominique Pozo: I'm not gonna force anyone to get
iPhone: Really tired.
iPhone: Energy right now.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so go ahead and just as you are just
Dominique Pozo: Take a few moments to notice your breath moving through your body connecting with that inhalation.
Dominique Pozo: And explanation.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, noticing the quality of each one.
Dominique Pozo: Just
Dominique Pozo: Scanning the rest of your body noticing what you what you connect with
Dominique Pozo: Any sensations that you feel throughout your body.
Dominique Pozo: Just noticing miss the whole point of mindfulness practices just
Dominique Pozo: Observe and become the witness
Dominique Pozo: And then paying attention not only to your physical body, but your emotional body.
Dominique Pozo: noticing what what's happening there. What may be present.
Dominique Pozo: And then you're meant
Dominique Pozo: To be paying attention to what's going on your mind space.
Dominique Pozo: And then here's two questions. One question is
Dominique Pozo: What is something kind of the
Dominique Pozo: Prayer yourself.
Dominique Pozo: This evening.
iPhone: Kansas relax and
iPhone: Dinner.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, of nourishment relaxation and nourishment.
Dominique Pozo: OK.
Dominique Pozo: And then how about one intention for the week moving forward some some intention that you can set for yourself like a goal or
Dominique Pozo: thats related to recovery process.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: I guess just making sure that I get my ready my medication back on the right.
iPhone: Taking care of that and
iPhone: Just keeping in mind.
iPhone: There are changing my diet is kind of feeling like out of sorts. I get
iPhone: Kind of rest.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that makes sense. Especially when sugar is a huge culprit and getting off of sugar is it's a big one.
iPhone: It's been rough
iPhone: Tired kind of just lost it energy and
iPhone: Ups and downs in my attitude, I guess.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, but that makes sense. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Leticia will drink a lot of water.
Dominique Pozo: And I think all these self care habits are going to help support you as you keep cleaning up your diet.
iPhone: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: All right, I'll see you in group next week.
iPhone: Alright, see you then.
Dominique Pozo: Bye. Bye. Okay, bye bye